Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. ~John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. ~Anonymous
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. ~Anonymous
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ~Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. ~Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. ~Anonymous
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas A. Edison
Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.
Colossians 3:23 Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for men.
Psalm 119:105 Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light for my path.
1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.
You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.– Zig Ziglar
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.– Truman Capote
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare.– Japanese Proverb
Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well.
Some succeed because they are destined. Some succeed because they are determined.
hat lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.– Ralph Waldo Emerson
We judge of man’s wisdom by his hope.– Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.– Mark Twain
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it’s time to pause and reflect.– Mark Twain
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.– Richard B. Sheridan
Many great ideas go unexecuted, and many great executioners are without ideas. One without the other is worthless.– Tim Blixseth
The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape.– Bono
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Attitudes are contagious. Make yours worth catching.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.– Samuel Beckett
